Walk into the database design section of the course we're super excited to share these tutorials with
you because these are these tutorials that actually make the difference between a great data scientist
and just the data scientists.
The reason is because data science is not only working with data but also understanding how the data
is structured where it's coming from.
How do you connect it how to join it.
When you first encounter a database it is often very confusing because you don't know the structure
Well if you know normalization then you will know why it is designed in a specific way.
And in this section of course we will cover three types of nominals actual talk about first of form
second normal for third or fourth.
So we'll cover all the theory behind them and we'll also talk about the practical application and it
will actually work with very interesting OLTP type of database which will be very exciting.
Can't wait to get started.
Let's jump into the first tutorial.